## IItemSubmission

- [IItemSubmission/create](IItemSubmission/create.md)
- [IItemSubmission/read](IItemSubmission/read.md)
- [IItemSubmission/search](IItemSubmission/search.md)
- [IItemSubmission/upload-image](IItemSubmission/upload-image.md)
- [IItemSubmission/refill](IItemSubmission/refill.md)

## Item Submission Statuses
Status | Description
------ | ----------
1 | New Request
2 | Awaiting Approval - (Support Team will Approve/Deny Item)
3 | Denied
4 | Approved - (Item has been approved and is awaiting to be generated on WAX)
5 | Created

## Standard Item Submission Object
Parameter | Type | Description
--------- | -----| -------- 
id | int | Submission ID.
submission_user_id    | int | UserID of submitting user
internal_app_id| int | Internal App ID
name | string | Simpler name for an item (compared to full market_name) -> "WAX Dog"
market_name | string | Full market name -> "Sticker &#124; WAX Dog [Special Edition]"
image_generic | string | Item Image
amount | int | Amount requested
color | string | Hexadecimal color for Rarity color
rarity_name | string | Name of the Rarity
collection_name | string | Collection Name where item belongs
destination_user_id | int | UserID for sending the item (For now, it defaults to the user that submits the item.)
status | int | [Item Submission Statuses](/IItemSubmission.md#item-submission-statuses)
wax_item_definition | int/null | Holds the def_id on WAX after item gets created
json_attributes | json | Holds item [Dynamic Attributes](/IItemSubmission.md#dynamic-attributes)
created_at | timestamp | Created timestamp
updated_at | timestamp | Updated timestamp

## Minified Item Submission Object
Parameter | Type | Description
--------- | -----| -------- 
id | int | Submission ID
market_name | string | Full market name e.g. Sticker | WAX DOG
image_generic | string | Item Image
color | string | Hexadecimal color for rarity color
status | int | [Item Submission Statuses](/IItemSubmission.md#item-submission-statuses)

## Dynamic Attributes
The `json_attributes` field allows you to add `key:value` pairs that represent attributes of your item. Those pairs become publicly available via WAX's APIs.

The following list describes some useful/important pre-defined attributes that you may want to add:

Attribute name | Description
--------- | -------- 
Verified_Authentic | Value: **Yes** or **No**. If not providing a value, the value defaults to **No**. Verified Collectible means you own the image of this submission and can provide proof of ownership. These submissions take longer to approve and show as **Verified Authentic** in WAX Trade and OPSkins. <br>Example: `{"Verified_Authentic": "Yes"}`.
product_box_display | Comma-separated names of the attributes you want visible in OPSkins and WAX Trade product boxes. You are limited to 5 custom attributes, but you still have other attributes to use on dApps/websites via API.  <br>Example: `{"class":"Fighter", "mana": 150, "hp": 90, "product_box_display": "class, hp"}`. <br>In the example above, attributes `class` and `hp` will be visible in the product box, while attribute `mana` will be available via API only.
markdown_description | Describe your item in either HTML or markdown.  The description becomes available via API and displays for your item in WAX Trade, WAX Explorer and OPSkins. **Tip.** You don't need to add this attribute to the product_box_display. <br>Example: `{"markdown_description": "This is a <strong>cool</strong> description field!"}`.

You can also make use of our **Unique Attribute** rules to make each item one-of-a-kind. You can do this by adding attributes with the prefix `unique_rule_` into the `json_attributes` field with the following structure for the attribute value: `unique_{type}_{min}_{max}` (for now, type must be either `integer` of `float`). Examples:
 - "unique_rule_bite_chance": "unique_float_0_1" - Each item copy generated from this submission will have a `unique_bite_chance` attribute with a float value between 0 and 1 (randomly generated by WAX).
 - "unique_rule_happiness_level": "unique_integer_0_100" - Each item copy generated from this submission will have a `unique_happiness_level` attribute with a integer value between 0 and 100 (randomly generated by WAX).
 
You can optionally add these unique attributes to the `product_box_display`. For example: <br>
`{"unique_rule_bite_chance": "unique_float_0_1", "unique_rule_happiness_level": "unique_integer_0_100", "product_box_display": "unique_happiness_level"}` 
 
In the example above, the `unique_bite_chance` attribute will be available via API only, while the `unique_happiness_level` attribute displays in the Product Box for WAX Trade and OPSkins.

>**Note.** As a result, the final ramdonly generated attribute uses the `unique_` prefix instead of the `unique_rule_` prefix.

Here is an example of a complete `json_attributes` input: 
```json
{
  "Verified_Authentic": "Yes",
  "markdown_description": "This is a <strong>cool</strong> description field!",
  "class": "Fighter",
  "mana": 150,
  "hp": 90,
  "unique_rule_bite_chance": "unique_float_0_1",
  "unique_rule_happiness_level": "unique_integer_0_100",
  "product_box_display": "class, hp, unique_happiness_level"
}
```
